README.md, before:

## CS6630 NASA Astrological Dataset

This project deals with visualization of events observerd in the past such as Meteorites and Fireballs happened on Earth. The [Project Proposal](https://github.com/rajathjavali/cs6630nasaproject/blob/master/ProjectProposal.pdf) has the details on the proposed visualization and its interaction.

### Data Processing

The data is obtained from [NASA open datasets](https://www.nasa.gov/open/data.html), which has details of each and every events. The data can be obtained in various file formats, which helps reduce the processing time required for academic projects.

### Visualization
We have three main forms of visualizations in order to represent the dataset and provide access to different comparisions between the datasets. You can explore more [here](https://rajathjavali.github.io/cs6630nasaproject/finalproject/).

The main form of visualization is a MAP with locations of various events highlighted. Interaction with the markers help in getting details of individual event as a tooltip. 

The second visualization represents the timeline, encoding number of each events over the years. Interaction with this visualization effectively showcases the changes on to the MAP, indicating all such events in the selected year/years.

The third visualization helps with analysing the numeric data and also look at other details of each such events. We have a semantic zooming table, which indicates the main categories initially and displaying the interested details on interaction. This also encodes various metrics and charts to compare the data between events and how the changes affected the impact.

Commit message:

Adjusted styling on timeline and chart; Updated README.md.

README.md, after:

## CS6630 NASA Astronomical Dataset

This project deals with the visualization of Meteorite and Fireball events observerd in the past that have happened on Earth.

### Project Links
The [Project Website](https://rajathjavali.github.io/cs6630nasaproject/finalproject/) has the live visualization.
The [Process Book](https://github.com/rajathjavali/cs6630nasaproject/blob/master/ProcessBook.pdf) has the details on the visualization and its interaction.
The Screencast has a video demonstration of the visualization.

### Data Processing

The data is obtained from [NASA's Open Data Portal](https://data.nasa.gov/Space-Science/Meteorite-Landings/gh4g-9sfh) and [The Center for Near Earth Studies](https://cneos.jpl.nasa.gov/), which details every event. The data can be obtained in various file formats, which helps reduce the processing time required for academic projects.

### Visualization
We have three main forms of visualizations in order to represent the dataset and provide access to different comparisions between the datasets. You can explore more [here](https://rajathjavali.github.io/cs6630nasaproject/finalproject/).

The main form of visualization is a MAP with locations of various events highlighted. Interaction with the markers help in getting details of individual event as a tooltip. 

The second visualization represents the timeline, encoding the number of events over the years. Interaction with this visualization effectively showcases the changes on to the MAP, indicating all such events in the selected year/years.

The third visualization helps with analysing the numeric data and also look at other details of each such events. We have a semantic zooming table, which indicates the main categories initially and displaying the interested details on interaction. This is also linked to a chart to compare the number of events for certain columns of data.
